
1.Open a file with some C source code. Copy the first 12 lines of text from
  this file . Create three new files named a.c, b.c and c.c and paste this
  tect at the top of each new file. Save each new file.

2.Open two different source files for editing, ensuring both are visible on
  screen simultaneously, and swtich between editing each of these two files
  and issuing commands to a terminal you have open.

3.As you are reading the code for a lage C program (with multiple source files
  spanned across multiple directories), you come across a call to an unknown
  function. Find the definition of this function. Go back to the calling
  contect where you started.

4.Given a file with a million lins of text, remove the whitespce(spaces,tabs
  and nelines) from the beginning of every line. That is, when you have
  finished, each line should start witha non-whitespace character.

5. Find and replace ever occurrence of the string 'Bill Self' in your source
   file with the string 'basketball genius Bill Self' (assume that case
   matters). After you're done, reformat your file so that each line adheres
   to an 80 character text width. If you are using vim, you may assume that
   your vimrc has the appropriate textwidth and formatopetions settings so
   that lines are formatted correctly hen the formatting command is used.





anwsers using vim

1. first to 'copy' text you can you the yank feature to yank(copy) the first
   12 lines, while positioned at the beginning of the text document in command
   mode put "12 yy" then hit ctrl+w+v 3 times two open up 3 different
   buffers the in command mode use ":e" to create the new files a.c, b.c and
   c.c. once in those buffers hit "p" in command mode to paste the 12 lines.

2.the way I would do this is open two terminals via 'screen' and use ctrl+a+c
  to create a new terminal session and then use one terminal to open the two
  files in vim (using the buffers like in 1.) and the second terminal I could
  still use to write commands, switching between these terminals is the
  shortcut ctrl+a+a

3.



